What the hell is going on with him?
I contacted Sun Zhonghua privately for you.
Told him all about it
He was angry with the actions of the Su Group
So I decided to work with you alone
Oh cooperate with me
Yeah, I told him.
You decide to start your own clothing company
I run a company, but I don't have the money.
With Sun's Group, this bag of walnuts will not lose money.
Use him as collateral capital
Don't talk about 10 million
100 million will be brought back to you.
How do you have Sun's Group's walnuts?
Hey, isn't that right?
How do I feel?
I keep getting kissed by you in the nose seat
Yes, no?
I'll tell you later.
I went down to take a shower
You can stop.
chairperson
The Sun Group has cut off all our business
News also came from Tangcun in Wancheng
Cancelled our stay
And not only that.
Borrow money to cooperate with several fabric suppliers
It's all like it was negotiated in advance
All to urge us to end the payment.
It's a wall down and everyone pushes it, Dad
We don't have that much money in our account
Go on like this
My Su family has to go bankrupt
Follow me through this hotel
How much will it cost?
This conservative estimate
Get 20 million